but the children of Israel committed a
trespass regarding the accursed things
for akin the son of Carmi the son of Zab
died the son of Zahra of the tribe of
Judah took of the accursed things so the
anger of the Lord
burned against the children of Israel
now Joshua sent men from Jericho to a I
which is beside Beth even on the east
side of Bethel and spoke to them go up
and spy out the country so the man went
up and spied out AI and they returned to
Joshua and said to him do not let all
the people go up but let about two or
three thousand men go up and attack AI
do not worry all the people there for
the people of AI a few so about three
thousand men went up there from the
people but they fled before the men of
AI and the men of AI struck down about
36 men for they chased them from before
the gate as far as Shepherd and struck
them down on the descent
therefore the hearts of the people
melted and became like water then Joshua
tore his clothes he fell to the earth on
his face before the Ark of the Lord
until evening he and the elders of
Israel and they put dust on their heads
and Joshua said alas Lord God
why have you brought this people over
the Jordan at all to deliver us into the
hand of the Amorite to destroy us oh
that we had been content and dwelt on
the other side of the Jordan Oh Lord
what shall I say when Israel turns its
back before its enemies for the
Canaanites and all the inhabitants of
the land will hear it and surround us
and cut off our name from the earth
then what will you do for your great
name get ah why do you lie thus on your
face
Israel has sinned and they have also
transgressed my covenant which I
commanded for they have even taken some
of the accursed things and have both
stolen and deceived and they have also
put it among their own staff therefore
the children of Israel could not stand
before their enemies but turned their
backs before their enemies because they
have become doomed to destruction
neither will I be with you anymore
unless you destroy the accursed from
among you get on sanctify the people and
say sanctify yourselves for tomorrow
because thus says the Lord God of Israel
there is an accursed thing in your midst
o Israel
you cannot stand before your enemies
until you take away the accursed thing
from a monkey in the morning therefore
you shall be brought according to your
tribes and it shall be that the tribe
which the Lord takes shall come
according to families and the family
which the Lord takes shall come by
households and the household which the
Lord takes shall come man
then it shall be that he who is taken
with the accursed thing shall be burned
with fire he and all that he has because
he has transgressed the Covenant of the
Lord and because he has done a
disgraceful thing in Israel sir Joshua
rose early in the morning and brought
Israel by their tribes and the tribe of
Judah was taken he brought the clan of
Judah and he took the family of the
sides and he brought the family of the
Tsar heights man by man and zaptie was
taken then he brought his household man
by man and akin the son of comely the
son of zebedee the son of Zera of the
tribe of Judah was taken now Joshua said
to akin my son I beg you
give glory to the Lord God of Israel and
make confession to him and tell me now
what you have done do not hide it from
me indeed I have sinned against the Lord
God of Israel this is what I have done
when I saw among the spoils of beautiful
Babylonian garments two hundred shekels
of silver and a wedge of gold weighing
fifty shekels I coveted them and took
them and there they are hidden in the
earth in the midst of my tent with the
silver under it sir Joshua sent
messengers and they ran to the tent and
there it was hidden in his tent with the
silver under it and they took them from
the midst of the tent brought them to
Joshua and to all the children of Israel
and laid them out before the Lord
then Joshua and all Israel with him took
akin the son of Zera the silver the
garment the wedge of gold his sons his
daughters his oxen his donkeys his sheep
his tent and all that he had and they
brought them to the valley of Achor and
Joshua said why have you troubled us the
Lord will trouble you this day so all
Israel spending with stones and they
burned them with fire after they had
stone them with stones and they raised
over him a great heap of stones still
there to this day so the Lord turned
from the fierceness of his anger
therefore the name of that place has
been called the valley of Achor to this
day
[Music]
[Applause]